hello how about how are the city or a
frontal system from the southeast sector
in combination with the warm air and
humid already present in the territory
Central of our country is unstable
the region and there will be lightning storms
temperature drop and little amplitude
thermal for the Pampas blood
minimum will be around 13 16 and 17 degrees
for the north of the province of good
airs- with maxims that would go from the
23 to 25 degrees to the south of
coastlines are also expected storms and
showers 2027 of the values ​​21 27 in
the province of córdoba also with
precipitation in general for the north
from the coast , good weather is expected
the moment the sky will remain
Partly cloudy with an increase of
temperature and wind blowing from the
northeast sector the minimums will be
between 22 and 23 degrees if we have
maximum between 32 and 33 degrees
21 35 the values ​​in jumps and in jujuy
with partly cloudy sky 24 35
to tucumán and in santiago del estero with
variable cloudiness for the foothills
and in the provinces of course we will have
Partly cloudy sky
high 17 and 19 degrees and the highest
will be between 28 and 34 degrees for
mendoza san juan and in san luís and in the
Patagonian mountain range the sky
it will remain partly cloudy with
slight increase in temperature covered
in the south of santa cruz with minimum of
between 210 and 16 degrees for the province
of neuquén and the maxims would be between
the 13 and the 24 degrees for the coast
Atlantic 10 and 16 the minimum
maximum between 18 and 26 degrees and sky
partially cloudy finally for the
south of santa cruz in ushuaia and in
Malvinas
variable cloudiness clear sky
the islands with minimums between 6 and 10
degrees and maximums will be among the
12 17 and 23 degrees
remember that if you need more information
You can check our daily
website at www punto a puntocom weather
that's all for now and the
next issue again with the
Weather forecast
yes